[7.5][PackageManager] Add a docs about ClearUserData API (#1771)
Samsung/tizen-docs: docs/application/dotnet/guides/app-management/package-manager.md

    You can [monitor package events](#listen), such as installation, uninstallation, and updates.

> - Package user data removing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removing package user data
```

>     You can [clear user data](#clear) which a specific file or directory. (Since to Tizen 7.5).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You can [clear user data](#clear) by targeting a specific file or directory. (Since Tizen 7.5).
```

    }
    ```

<a name="clear"></a>
## Clear user data

> If you want to delete specific user data of a specific app, you can use `ClearUserData()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to delete specific user data from a specific app, you can use the `ClearUserData()` method of the [Tizen.Applications.PackageManager](/application/dotnet/api/TizenFX/latest/api/Tizen.Applications.PackageManager.html) class.
```

> The following example implements the remove `testDir/test.txt` file from `org.tizen.sample` package's user directory:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example removes the `testDir/test.txt` file from `org.tizen.sample` package's user directory:
```

```csharp

> PackageManager.ClearUserData("org.tizen.samle", "testDir/test.txt");

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PackageManager.ClearUserData("org.tizen.sample", "testDir/test.txt");
```

> PackageManager.ClearUserData("org.tizen.samle", "testDir/test.txt");

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PackageManager.ClearUserData("org.tizen.sample", "testDir/test.txt");
```

```

If you want to use this API. you need to add below privilege on `tizen-manifest.xml`.

>  - http://tizen.org/privilege/packagemanager.admin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - `http://tizen.org/privilege/packagemanager.admin`
```

> If you want to use this API. you need to add below privilege on `tizen-manifest.xml`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want to use this API, you need to add below privilege on `tizen-manifest.xml`.
```
